welcome you to bed my name is John keep
right here I want to show you how to use
this a fake mobile is that one than
smartphones but it's a fake one and this
will show you how okay i'm going to open
it open it in the box never up the phone
pop up there spread them up charges get
to charger get 12 headphones the USB USB
charger spit of course the manual what
over there you get these things over
here so you get one two three four five
six and we'll open the phone now
cook one that smart phones you can see
just come over there flashlight add well
ok I'm going to open it now little bit
right over there it works in will be at
the two SIM card over here again
and there would be your SD card or any
memory card I'm going to share the
battery said this one this is a number
battery she said it over here ok the
first instead us in God but a sim card
the memories clip of yourself first and
said that sim card face this way around
yep I won't accept a memory card
I'm gonna let that play ever tell show
you know she'll clean right I want to
share that you know oh yeah
then inside let's run it we set a budget
but it cover back on that click down
then we'll turn on the phone by pressing
expected of you on that ball we're going
to the Batgirl you see that special-ops
of year sure normal got under normal
phone so very cheap i Musti get all
these ups at four pages what five pages
and then obviously the internet and you
make eternal so i'll let you see my apps
but i'll show you one or two months
through the phone
oh yeah we really need music show some
game if we take
what a cheap unite all right you got
what few upstairs got a talking tom cup
begins as well very cheap and masterful
on can't go wrong with this sort of
price I'm not sure in 10 i wrote you
also get TV as well let's pull it pull
that out not short antenna for the TV
took it out mr. yeah this is an antenna
TV and they got TB which is oops one off
again slide that strong slide up the TV
the TV they should come on any moment
but it's taking time but I'm just gonna
play around with it well fine I mean
that's a TV there then you got your also
your apps cardwell a java so it's not be
here but i'm not the internet so if you
get anything on you could get most of
the apps like you enormously on
smartphone and that's it for me this
call is a psyphon forgot to tell you
about that it's called a sigh for SI 68
sits on the box so city so thank you
very much I'm turnkey over i'm out this
guy for thank you